Hey there.
So, after our very first, very small, grid demo,
I now have a small challenge for you,
so that you can immediately apply
what you just learned in the last couple of lectures.
And this is the challenge.
So right here, I have a small layout
with a medium complex structure.
And what I want you to do is
to simply recreate this entire layout using CSS grid.
So that shouldn't be all too hard
after what you just learned, right?
So just a couple of notes here, for example,
note that this column here
on the right side with the sidebar,
is slightly more narrow than these three columns here.
So you can try to define the size of this column here,
so the width of this track,
and then divide the remaining space
through the other columns, the other tracks.
So I'm sure you already know how to do that.
Then in these other elements here,
like the header, and the footer, and the content,
you'll also have some spanning going on,
as you can probably already see.
Then you also have this gutter here,
and it's actually the same gutter for the rows,
and for the columns.
So that should be really simple as well, to you.
Now this layout is...
Is a layout that would've been extremely difficult
to make it right using the old school CSS techniques.
Like float layouts.
But with CSS grid, you're gonna see how easy it is
to implement this kind of layout.
And this actually looks already like a real world layout.
So this could perfectly be like a blog,
or something like that.
Imagine this is a blog with a header,
then three featured posts, and here a main post,
a footer down here with info about the site,
and then here of course, a sidebar,
with the usual stuff that you see in a blog.
So I hope this isn't all too hard for you
after these last couple of lectures.
But if it is a bit too hard for you,
then it's actually no problem at all, okay?
What I really want you to do is to try it.
It's not so important if you actually can do it or not.
The most important part, believe me, is trying.
And I made this challenge a bit complex,
a bit difficult on purpose,
so that you get really challenged.
So I could've done something really simple like,
just this part here of the layout.
So just three boxes and then one spanning an element below.
But I think that would've been too simple.
You wouldn't have been challenged,
and then you wouldn't progress.
You wouldn't really learn anything new.
And so like this, it's a bit more difficult.
But then you really have to think,
and that will move you forward.
So I hope you manage to do it.
But if you don't, no problem,
just move on to the next lecture
where I will then show you the solution of this.
So good luck and see you in a minute.